sahil chhabra
B.Tech UG | VLSI Design | Passionate About AI and Automation | Mixed Signal Designing | Verilog | Cadence | Student at Vivekananda Institute of Professional Studies
Delhi, India
sahilchhabra2712@gmail.com
www.linkedin.com/in/sahil-chhabra-6ba9aa2b8

Summary
Passionate about Technology | Lifelong Learner | Problem Solver
I am an enthusiastic and dedicated Electronic Engineering Student - VLSI Engineer with a strong foundation in digital design, Verilog. I thrive on learning new technologies and applying them to solve real-world problems.
With hands-on experience in Cadence simulations , Verilog codes. I enjoy turning concepts into functional solutions and continuously enhancing my technical expertise.
I am particularly interested in VLSI design, embedded systems, hardware design, innovation in semiconductor technologies and actively seek opportunities to contribute, collaborate, and grow in challenging environments.
I believe in lifelong learning, creative problem solving, and building impactful solutions that bridge theory with practical applications.
Always open to networking, collaborations, and exciting opportunities in technology and engineering.

Education
Vivekananda Institute of Professional Studies
Bachelor of Technology - BTech in Electronics Engineering specialization in VLSI (Very Large Scale Integration)
2024-28

Experience
Chip Crafters - The VLSI Club of VIPS-TC
Technical Head Cadence
August 2025 - Present (8 months)

Top Skills
Verilog
Cadence
MATLAB
Latex
Python
C

Projects
Major Project
- Design of 8-Bit ALU focusing on Low-Power and Low-Temperature conditions in Cadence Virtuoso at 180 nm Technology.

Minor Projects
- Design of Adiabatic AND & NAND gates using Transmission Gates in Cadence Virtuoso at 180nm Technology.
- Design and Stability Analysis of a 6T-SRAM Cell using Butterfly Curve (Static Noise Margin) in Cadence Virtuoso.

Certifications
Cadence Powered Circuit Design
Winter School of Electronics - 2025
Artificial Intelligence Fundamentals
Introduction to Cybersecurity
Introduction to Modern AI
SQL and Relational Databases 101
